1. The objective of the game is to have maximum net worth at the end of the game.

2. The game ends after a certain number of turns, or a certain duration of time, which is determined by the players at the start of the game.

3. The net worth is calculated by adding the cash-in-hand at the end of the game to a certain percentage of the expenditure on properties.

4. Players will receive a certain amount of money upon completing a cycle around the map. And since the map will have branches, there would be 	   multiple possible cycles around the map.

5. The money earned per cycle would be determined by the length of the cycle. The money will be subject to diminishing returns, to prevent a 6.   player from traversing the same loop multiple times.

6. Properties will be owned for a certain number of turns/duration of time.

7. There would be certain properties which would generate income-per-turn, as opposed to only when an opponent lands on it. (Properties like 	   Alpahar, Nesci make sense for this)

8. Properties will be of a certain type - Departments, Bhawans, etc. A player can upgrade properties only if he owns a certain number of 			properties of the same type.

9. The various actions available to the player are -
	Buy: Can be done when a player lands on a property.
	Sell: Can be done anytime during a player's turn
	Trade: A cash+property trade between players. A player can propose a trade to any player during his turn.
	Upgrade: Any property of the same type as the one which the player is currently on, and which satisfies upgrade requirements, can be upgraded during the player's turn.
	Mortgage: Can be done anytime during the player's turn.
	
10. A limit on the permitted time for a player to make a move. If a move is not made in this time, there would be a cash penalty imposed on the 	player, which increases with every skipped move.

11. If a player leaves mid-game, a basic AI takes control of the player (This AI isn't meant to be very good, it is just to provide an option 		for the opponent to continue the game, if he wishes)

12. Every win/loss contributes to the leaderboard rating of the player. If a player leaves, the opponent has an option to continue with an AI, 		or count it as his victory.

